the functional organization of the brain
functional units according to luria work
presented by olga lucia suárez silvia
juliana rodríguez karel col
nuria and neuropsychology studies the
effects that an injury or damage in the
structures of the central nervous system
can cause on the processes
cognitive psychological and emotional
of individual behavior within
his studies and theories highlights the
interpretation of the role of
frontal lobes that are considered
as the center and emotional home of
control of our personality
according to the mental processes
humans are functional systems
complexes that can not be conceived
as processes located in zones
restricted and limited brain
according to Luria the brain is composed
by basic functional units the
which will be explained in the following
work
introduction of a lord there are already three
Functional units the nervous system
regulates its activity through
coordinated activity of the three
functional units these contribute and
they play an important role over
mental processes and activity
conscious in the human being the first
unit corresponds to regulate the tone
and wakefulness and mental states the
second unit to receive analyze and
store information the third unit
to schedule regular and verify the
activity
first unit according to santana
Anatomically it is distributed
in the brainstem area and in
some areas medial is the brain
According to Pérez, it is constituted by
brainstem structures and by the
limbic system its functions
correspond
The first one is in charge of providing
brain the flow of sufficient energy
so that your various systems can
carry out your specific work and
general also regulates the tone and
waking state that allows us
reduce the flow of energy when
we want to rest or increase the level
of energy when we want to make a
sports activity is fundamental
first unit to perform the
organized mental activity
this unit is organized
vertically in activity levels
Reflex nervous increasingly complex
as it ascends from the
neural segments up the archie and the
pae for neocortex presenting a
self-regulated character by those own
cortical sectors and by the neocortex
of the remaining functional units
second unity
functions
Each lobe consists of primary areas
receptive secondary areas
codifiers and tertiary areas that
do multimodal integration gets
process and store world information
Exterior
this means that the second unit
functional is responsible for acquiring
process and store information
both the internal environment and the
external code encoding the and
transporting it to the system
nervous
this implies implies processes of
analysis synthesis comparison with
previous storage information
preparation of a response plan
where they are located is located in the
back of the cortex behind
the waist of rolling temporal lobe
occipital lobe and parietal lobe
that produce their injuries produce
sensory disorders disorders
perceptive and cognitive disorders
depending on the affected areas
third unit
gloria proposes the third unit
functional that has its location
Anatomy in the frontal lobe performs
functions like programming regulation and
verification of mental activity and
the behavior intentionality and pro
positivity initiative and control
intentional control of the most forms
complex motor analyzer behavior
according to brotman primary area four areas
secondary six and eight tertiary areas
9 10 11 44 ​​46 as we can see it in
the representation
in conclusion in all functions
The three units are involved in
functional the first and oldest is
for then in charge of the
vital functions that guarantee the
integrity of the individual and the
survival of the regulating species
in addition the instinctive instinctive behavior
sexual and defense food and
produce the optimal activation tone of
the cerebral cortex the second is the
responsible for the coding analysis
synthesis and storage of
information from the environment and
last being the third one is the one in charge
of regular planning and verification of
according to what was planned throughout the
conscious activity